Update layers manual (#2000)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/user/manual/explore/layers.md

    2. **Property Boundaries Display**: White lines on the map indicate the property boundaries and land divisions.

>     3. **Parent farm Cname:** Click on the map to view the parent farm's Cname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. **Cadastral Cname:** Click on the map to view a cadastral's Cname. Depending on the zoom level this will be the Parent Farm, Farm Portion, Holding, or Erf.
```

![image](https://github.com/kartoza/sawps/assets/100694811/11d44df6-6bfb-48c4-95a8-da2e14131f78)

    1. **Properties**: The `Properties` layer provides detailed information about land parcels and properties within South Africa.

>     2. **Property on Map**: The red dots display the properties on the map.

Reviewer: Until you zoom in more then the properties are highlighted in red.
![image](https://github.com/kartoza/sawps/assets/100694811/72da25ad-ad4c-4697-8908-8a8855346dc8)
![image](https://github.com/kartoza/sawps/assets/100694811/7ed4967b-4445-42e0-97c0-ccce9ba2123d)

    1. **Properties**: The `Properties` layer provides detailed information about land parcels and properties within South Africa.

>     2. **Property on Map**: The red dots display the properties on the map. Until you zoom in more, the properties are highlighted in red.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. **Property on Map**: The red dots display the properties on the map. Until you zoom in more, then the properties are highlighted in red.
```
